README.md, before:

# Prototyper

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Prototyper.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/Prototyper)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/Prototyper.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/Prototyper)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/Prototyper.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/Prototyper)

The Prototyper Framework allows you to integrate prototypes into an iOS application and receive feedback using Prototyper service. When you deploy an application using the [Prototyper service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de) the Prototyper Framework allows users to send feedback from within the application.

## Example

Run `pod install` from the Example directory first and open the `Prototyper Example.workspace` and run the iOS application.

## Requirements

To use the Prototyper framework you need an account at the [Prototyper online service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de).
To integrate a prototype into your application follow the instructions of the [Prototype Framework](https://github.com/ls1intum/Prototype).
Your users can use the feedback button to give feedback and share the application with other users. The feedback will be displayed on the website of the [Prototyper service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de).

## Installation

1. Integrate the Prototype Framework using CocoaPods

    ```swift
    pod 'Prototyper'
    ```

    If you want to add prototypes to the application using the `PrototypeView` add the following lines at the end of your Podfile. Follow the instructions of the [Prototype Framework](https://github.com/ls1intum/Prototype) for more details:

    ```swift
    post_install do |installer|
      installer.pods_project.targets.each do |target|
        target.new_shell_script_build_phase.shell_script = "mkdir -p $PODS_CONFIGURATION_BUILD_DIR/#{target.name}"
        target.build_configurations.each do |config|
          config.build_settings['CONFIGURATION_BUILD_DIR'] = '$PODS_CONFIGURATION_BUILD_DIR'
        end
      end

      installer.pods_project.build_configurations.each do |config|
        config.build_settings.delete('CODE_SIGNING_ALLOWED')
        config.build_settings.delete('CODE_SIGNING_REQUIRED')
      end
    end
    ```
2. Display the feedback button in the `scene(: UIScene, willConnectTo: UISceneSession, options: UIScene.ConnectionOptions)` method of your `SceneDelegate`. Don't forget to import the Prototyper framework.

    ```swift
    import Prototyper
    ```

    ```swift
    func scene(_ scene: UIScene,
               willConnectTo session: UISceneSession,
               options connectionOptions: UIScene.ConnectionOptions) {
        let contentView = ContentView()

        if let windowScene = scene as? UIWindowScene {
            let window = UIWindow(windowScene: windowScene)
            window.rootViewController = UIHostingController(rootView: contentView)
            self.window = window
            
            PrototyperController.showFeedbackButton = true
            
            window.makeKeyAndVisible()
        }
    }
    ```
3. Deploy your application using the [Prototyper service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de)

## Author

Paul Schmiedmayer, [@PSchmiedmayer](https://twitter.com/pschmiedmayer), Chair of Applied Software Engineering, ios@in.tum.de
Stefan Kofler, grafele@gmail.com

## License

Prototyper is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Inline Documentation Added (#17)
* Added Jazzy documentation

* Updated the docs generated by jazzy.

* Added documentation on Xcode and removed the documentation generated by jazzy

* Update README.md

* Fixed minor bugs detected

* Getting rid of all public functions

* Update README.md

* Updated the documentation text

* Added a fastlane command to the fastfile to delete the Xcode derived data.

* Removed dead code

README.md, after:

# Prototyper

[![Swift Package Manager compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift%20Package%20Manager-compatible-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/apple/swift-package-manager)

The Prototyper Framework allows you to integrate prototypes into an iOS application and receive feedback using Prototyper service. When you deploy an application using the [Prototyper service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de) the Prototyper Framework allows users to send feedback from within the application.

## Example

Open `PrototyperExample.xcodeproj` under the Example directory to test the Prototyper framework. You can find [here](https://ls1intum.github.io/Prototyper/docs/Classes) the list of globally available classes. To work on the framework, open the `Prototyper` directory in xcode, which opens as a swift package. 

## Requirements

To use the Prototyper framework you need an account at the [Prototyper online service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de).
Your users can use the feedback button to give feedback and share the application with other users. The feedback will be displayed on the website of the [Prototyper service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de).

## Installation

1. Add the Prototyper framework to your application as a swift package dependency:

    * Go to File > Swift Packages > Add Package Dependency...
    * Enter https://github.com/ls1intum/Prototyper.git as the package respository URL.
    * Select the branch as `master` in the rules section.
    * Make sure the target is right and then click Finish.

2. Display the feedback button in the `scene(: UIScene, willConnectTo: UISceneSession, options: UIScene.ConnectionOptions)` method of your `SceneDelegate`. Don't forget to import the Prototyper framework.

    ```swift
    import Prototyper
    ```

    ```swift
    func scene(_ scene: UIScene,
               willConnectTo session: UISceneSession,
               options connectionOptions: UIScene.ConnectionOptions) {
        let contentView = ContentView()

        if let windowScene = scene as? UIWindowScene {
            let window = UIWindow(windowScene: windowScene)
            window.rootViewController = UIHostingController(rootView: contentView)
            self.window = window
            
            PrototyperController.showFeedbackButton = true
            
            window.makeKeyAndVisible()
        }
    }
    ```
3. Deploy your application using the [Prototyper service](https://prototyper-bruegge.in.tum.de)

## Author

Paul Schmiedmayer, [@PSchmiedmayer](https://twitter.com/pschmiedmayer), Chair of Applied Software Engineering, ios@in.tum.de
Stefan Kofler, grafele@gmail.com
Raymond Pinto, Masters Informatics, raymond.pinto@tum.de

## License

Prototyper is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
